[Outlook] (EWS, REST) Update guidance and supported Exchange environments (#4850)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/add-and-remove-attachments-to-an-item-in-a-compose-form.md

For example, you can define `options.asyncContext` as a JSON object that contains one or more key-value pairs. For more examples about passing optional parameters to asynchronous methods in the Office Add-ins platform, see [Asynchronous programming in Office Add-ins](../develop/asynchronous-programming-in-office-add-ins.md#pass-optional-parameters-to-asynchronous-methods). The following example shows how to use the `asyncContext` parameter to pass two arguments to a callback function.

```javascript
const options = { asyncContext: { var1: 1, var2: 2 } };

Office.context.mailbox.item.addFileAttachmentAsync("https://contoso.com/rtm/icon.png", "icon.png", options, callback);
```

> To check for a successful asynchronous method call in the callback function, use the `status` and `error` properties of the `AsyncResult` object. If the attaching completes successfully, use the `AsyncResult.value` property to get the attachment ID. The attachment ID is an integer which you can subsequently use to remove the attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check for the outcome of an asynchronous method call in the callback function, use the `status` and `error` properties of the `AsyncResult` object. If the attaching completes successfully, use the `AsyncResult.value` property to get the attachment ID. The attachment ID is an integer which you can subsequently use to remove the attachment.
```

The following JavaScript example is a compose add-in that attaches a file, **picture.png**, from a web server to the message or appointment being composed. The callback function takes `asyncResult` as a parameter, checks for the result status, and gets the attachment ID if the method succeeds.

```javascript
// Add the specified file attachment to the item
// being composed.
// When the attachment finishes uploading, the
// callback function is invoked and gets the attachment ID.
// You can optionally pass any object that you would
// access in the callback function as an argument to
// the asyncContext parameter.
Office.context.mailbox.item.addFileAttachmentAsync(
    "https://webserver/picture.png",
    "picture.png",
    { asyncContext: { var1: 1, var2: 2 } },
    (asyncResult) => {
        if (asyncResult.status === Office.AsyncResultStatus.Failed) {
            console.error(asyncResult.error.message);
            return;
        }

        // Get the ID of the attached file.
        const attachmentID = asyncResult.value;
        console.log(`ID of added attachment: ${attachmentID}`);
    }
);
```

> To add an inline Base64 image to the body of a message or appointment being composed, you must first get the current item body using the `Office.context.mailbox.item.body.getAsync` method before inserting the image using the `addFileAttachmentFromBase64Async` method. Otherwise, the image won't render in the body once it's inserted. For guidance, see the following JavaScript example, which adds an inline Base64 image to the beginning of an item body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add inline a Base64-encoded image to the body of a message or appointment being composed, you must first get the current item body using the `Office.context.mailbox.item.body.getAsync` method before inserting the image using the `addFileAttachmentFromBase64Async` method. Otherwise, the image won't render in the body once it's inserted. For guidance, see the following JavaScript example, which adds an inline Base64 image to the beginning of an item body.
```

```javascript
const mailItem = Office.context.mailbox.item;
const base64String =
  "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";

// Get the current body of the message or appointment.
mailItem.body.getAsync(Office.CoercionType.Html, (bodyResult) => {
    if (bodyResult.status === Office.AsyncResultStatus.Failed) {
        console.error(bodyResult.error.message);
        return;
    }

>     // Insert the Base64 image to the beginning of the body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Insert the Base64-encoded image at the beginning of the body.
```
